Add common commands and examples to Wizard CLI reference (#9506)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/wizard-cli-reference.md

If you see any issues, please [file an issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues) and we'll be happy to sort it out.
:::

## Common commands

> Most people only need a handful of commands. Start here, then use the full reference below for everything else.

Author: ```suggestion
Most people use a handful of commands to get started. View the following table and then refer to the rest of the page for more details.
```

If you see any issues, please [file an issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues) and we'll be happy to sort it out.
:::

## Common commands

> Most people use a handful of commands to get started. View the following table and then refer to the rest of the page for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Most people use a handful of commands to get started. View the following table and then refer to the rest of the page or the [examples](#examples) section for more details.
```

<SimpleTable>
| I want to... | Command | What it does |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Start an interactive session | `wizard` | Opens the interactive TUI where you chat with the agent. |
| Run a one-off task without the TUI | `wizard exec "add tests to my staging models"` | Runs the agent once, prints the result, and exits. Good for scripts and CI. |
| Review my uncommitted changes | `wizard review --uncommitted` | Runs a code review on your staged, unstaged, and untracked changes. |
| Pick up where I left off | `wizard resume --last` | Reopens your most recent session with its full history. |

> | Check that my install is healthy | `wizard doctor` | Diagnoses your install, config, auth, and connectivity. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Check that my install is healthy | `wizard doctor` | Diagnoses your install, config, auth, runtime health |
```

| Update to the latest version | `wizard update` | Updates wizard to the newest release. |

> </SimpleTable>

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

The "What it does" column says "Diagnoses your install, config, auth, and **connectivity**"

The auto-generated CLI reference (from `wizard --help`) describes `doctor` as: "Diagnose local wizard installation, config, auth, and **runtime health**"

"Connectivity" doesn't appear in the CLI help, so maybe align the hand-written copy with the generated reference to something like "Diagnoses your install, config, auth, and runtime health"

<CliGenerated />

## Examples

> Here are some examples and commands that you migth use. Replace the example prompts with your own:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some examples and commands that you might use. Replace the example prompts with your own:
```

Author: omg great catch!
